README.md, before:

# DES422-Group-Project
DES422/ITS344 Web and Business Application Development.  
Digital Engineering, Semester 2, Academic Year 2021.  
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology (SIIT), Thammasat University.  

## Project Information
Wordled is a clone of popular web-based word game, Wordle. The player must guess the correct 5-letter word within 6 tries. After each try, the hints will be provided according to how close you are to the correct word. You can read the instruction of the game at the How to Play page. After each game has been played, we will collect the game score, post it as the worldwide statistics, and display it as a bar chart.

## Deployment
Heroku Deployment: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/  
or run it locally by clone this repository and run command `node server.js`

## Pages
- Home/Main Game: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/  
- Worldwide Statistics: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/world-stats  
- Game Instruction: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/how-to-play  
- Project Information: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/project-info  
- World Reset: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/world-reset  

## Member
- Paphana Yiwsiw (6222780379)
- Phakin Chutipanich (6222780882)
- Time Kitilimtrakul (6222790345)

Commit message:

Add APIs list and dependency in readme

README.md, after:

# DES422-Group-Project

DES422/ITS344 Web and Business Application Development.  
Digital Engineering, Semester 2, Academic Year 2021.  
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology (SIIT), Thammasat University.

## Project Information

Wordled is a clone of popular web-based word game, Wordle. The player must guess the correct 5-letter word within 6 tries. After each try, the hints will be provided according to how close you are to the correct word. You can read the instruction of the game at the How to Play page. After each game has been played, we will collect the game score, post it as the worldwide statistics, and display it as a bar chart.

## Deployment

Heroku Deployment: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/  
or run it locally by clone this repository and run command `node server.js`

## APIs used

Here's the list of APIs used in this project

- Wordle API by k2bd: https://v1.wordle.k2bd.dev/redoc (GitHub: https://github.com/k2bd/wordle-api)
- Free Dictionary API: https://dictionaryapi.dev/
- Random Word API: https://random-word-api.herokuapp.com/home

## Dependencies

- body-parser ^1.20.0
- bootstrap ^5.1.3
- express ^4.17.3
- mongoose ^6.3.0

## Pages

- Home/Main Game: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/
- Worldwide Statistics: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/world-stats
- Game Instruction: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/how-to-play
- Project Information: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/project-info
- World Reset: https://des422-wordled.herokuapp.com/world-reset

## Member

- Paphana Yiwsiw (6222780379)
- Phakin Chutipanich (6222780882)
- Time Kitilimtrakul (6222790345)
